When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    when you may need to work on a project from separate machines like a home
    computer and a work one, or even when a project has more than one contributor. 
    it can also help to use as a backup in case the local machine develops a fault.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    it allows you to chose a point at which it would be apprpriate to pull changes
    rather than automatic pulls which may take place when the changes that have been
    made are incomplete and therefore would not make any sense. it also allows you to
    pull logically complete changes instead of chunks which may not make any sense.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    a clone is when you make a copy of a repository either from github or a local machine to end up with two separate repositories which are independent of each other, the source or destination does not matter. this has a number of uses mainly to have a copy that you can work on without affecting the original.
    a fork is when you clone a repository from github onto github, this is useful when you want to use someones work but do not wish to change the original or you do not have permision to make changes to the original.
    a branch is when you make a copy of a repository by using a label to mark all future commits as deviating from the main project. the branch remains a part of the repository but its commits run parallel to the main project and will not affect until a merge is done between thw main or master branch and the side branch. i would use a branch to work on additional features that may be useful to the project if they are successful but are not essential to the operation of the project before that.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    when working on a collaborative project it helps to have the latest copy of master at hand so that the local copy is as close to the original as you can make it for compatibility reasons. that way you can have an idea of the changes that have been made to the master and how they affect local copy in terms of compatibility with the changes you might be making. it is also in keeping with the need to have commits that are made up of one logical change, since you can compare your changes to the latest state of the master.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    i would collaborate by using a shared cloud service where individuals can contribute to the project from different locations. i think making copies and making changes to those copies will be failry easy but merging those changes together into the main project would be very difficult and time consuming.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    I think you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master whenever you are about to add any functionality that may introduce problems with the master if by any chance there are any errors in it, or it just does not fit well with the main code. by doing this you avoid introducing errors to the master that may stop it from working properly since it is the main project, it also allows you test your branch against master well before trying to add to master and by so doing you will always have a working version of master.
    making changes directly to master has the advantage of speed since you can see the effect on master immediately and if it works then there is no need for the hassle of fetching and merging, but this is very risky especially when working on a project with a team since there is potential for many errors to be introduced to the master making it more difficult to identify the problem.
